Deprecate -distributor.shard-by-all-labels (#6022)
cortexproject/cortex: CHANGELOG.md

## master / unreleased
* [CHANGE] Upgrade Dockerfile Node version from 14x to 18x. #5906
* [CHANGE] Ingester: Remove `-querier.query-store-for-labels-enabled` flag. Querying long-term store for labels is always enabled. #5984

> * [CHANGE] Distributor: Remove `-distributor.shard-by-all-labels` flag. It is enabled by default and should not be disabled #6021

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [CHANGE] Distributor: Remove `-distributor.shard-by-all-labels` flag. Shard by all labels is always enabled now. The flag is ignored now and will be removed in cortex v1.19.0 #6021
```
